Madam, we obviously made a call
Madam, we obviously called, Madam, we obviously called, Madam
We obviously called, madam, we obviously called, madam, we obviously called, madam, we obviously called
The electricity is on, madam. We must be on the phone. Madam, we must be on the phone.
Madam, we will make a call tomorrow
Ma'am, we've called tomorrow, Ma'am.
Tomorrow we have a call, ma'am. Tomorrow we have a call.
Madam, we will make a call tomorrow
Let's be An An and Joke from the department.
Today is our big day for taking part
I just found a corner to do it.
don't make any sound
The time is coming soon
Why haven't you seen the president yet?
Everyone’s suggestions
Last month we reviewed the group
Newly opened up overseas music market
This is all thanks to our group’s
Started as a big project engineer
Next we invite our Mr. Shen
Let us announce the first place in this global business plan.